Update Iframe tip (#714)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/index.md

      </div> 
    </a>
  </li>

  <li class="tp-col-12 tp-col-md-6 d-flex" data-keywords="gui vizelement chart">
    <a class="tp-content-card tp-content-card--horizontal tp-content-card--small" href="third_party_objects">
      <header class="tp-content-card-header">

>         <img class="tp-content-card-image" src="third_party_objects/part_illustration.png">

Reviewer: 'objects' is a bit too vague.
What about `3rd_party_components`?

      </header>
      <div class="tp-content-card-body">

>         <h4>Incorporate Third-Party Components </h4>

Reviewer: Integrate

        <span class="tp-tag">Front-end </span>

>         <p> Use part to embed any HTML inside your Taipy app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p>Use the `part` visual element to embed any HTML inside your application.
```
